The five boxing wizards jump quickly.
There was a flash of light, and luminous greenish smoke came out.
A company of soldiers form a cordon.
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny, but in ourselves.
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it
The valley of the Vey hides the red gloom.
A quart jar of oil mixed with zinc oxide makes a very bright paint.
The light at the end of the tunnel jumps both ways.
Pine trees staggered through the jungle, hide the lake where ducks float.
Let your soul exalt your reason to the height of passion; that it may sing.
By the cultivation of various sciences a language is amplified.
Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes.
The smallest sprout shows there is really no death.
The fading pinpoint of light of Mars drops into the west.
No legacy is so rich as honesty.
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
Xenon was first used as a surgical anesthetic in 1951.
Petra, in Jordan, is a rose-red city half as old as time.
Camouflage paint bathes in sunlight.
God, who is the author of all our tragedies, hath written out for us.
If music be the food of love, play on.
There is a country in Europe where multiple-choice tests are illegal.
The difference between fiction and reality is that fiction has to make sense.
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.
Tranquility likes to have a shower in the morning.
The sun does arise and make happy the skies; the merry bells ring to welcome the Spring.
Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
The Great Barrier Reef is the largest living structure on the earth.
Sicily is the largest island in the mediterranean sea.
Few things are harder to put up with than a good example.
A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats.
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it.
The rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost airline luggage.
A little inaccuracy sometimes saves a ton of explanation.
utter nonsense is half the sentences in this text.
The screw fell off the top of the telescope.
Democracy is government by discussion, but effective only if you can stop people talking.
Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana.
The legend of the raven's roar welcomes spring.
The hardest thing to understand in the world is the income tax.
History is a gallery of pictures with few originals and many copies.
A monkey on the table shoots pineapples with a machinegun.
Civilization is a voyage, and not a harbor.
I the morning rushed over Winchester eastward a line of flame high.
Life is an incessant struggle for existence.
From narrow navy-crowded seas did the pirates escape. 
Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo.
Against stupidity, the gods themselves contend in vain.
Wafting zephyrs quickly vexed Jumbo.
Do electrons really orbit the nucleus?
Words without thoughts never to heaven go.
A thimbleton of neutron start weighs over a hundred million tons.
Pi seconds is a nanocentury.
Great edifices, like great mountains, are the work of centuries.
Listen to this concert of bell towers and the pliant of rivers.
It was the best of times; it was the worst of times.
A flying trapeze does a jumbo waltz.
The golden cap has a circle of diamonds and rubies running around it.
Space is only an hour's drive away if your car could go upwards.
The quantum hypothesis is a mathematical trick to get the right answer.
I like the dreams of future better than the history of the past.
The shape of countries, the height of mountains, the course of rivers - are parts of geography.
Psychics aren't particularly successful at winning lotteries.
The Ural mountains separate Asia from Europe.
The key is that people enjoy learning.
Fruits, nuts, pies and cakes and many other good things, there are to eat.
Insignificance is belief in the interrelatedness of all things.
A principal idea visits Japan in the winter.
Strong, weak, electromagnetic, gravitational - are the four basic forces.
Vibrating pizoelectric crystals are used in electronic oscillators.
The monkey king spread his wings through the window.
Imitation is the sincerest form of television.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
I dreamed a thousand new paths; I woke and walked my old one.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.
Nothing is wrong with California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure.
The foxfire lights grew brighter as the unicorn watched.
Share his feast and share his fall.
Blacksmiths quiver, fix jazzy gunpowder.
The quick buzzy fox shortwaved jumpingly.
Flighty backswordmen quizzed in Japan were vexed.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
He drank life before spitting it out.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
Did the adorable conference really buzz the stuff?
The ritzy voice can't part the whole.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.